the Federal Reserve wants you to know
that everything is going to be a okay
but is it the truth you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
in today's video we're going to talk
about the Federal Reserve everything ins
and outs what's happening right now and
let me tell you march is going to be
something to behold for many years to
come I'll tell you why first thing the
fed's preferred inflation gauge Falls
below 3% for the first time since March
of 2021 this is the biggest news because
they can look they manipulate this we
know that okay it's obvious when prices
are rising everything is going up for
the most part they can manipulate these
things and that's the entire design of
the pce personal consumption expenditure
that's why they use it because it's
generally very muted even during the
worst of the worst time I mean it wasn't
that high compared to where inflation
actually was but the point here is when
we look at these things
these gauges what does it do and why is
it important I mean it's obviously
manipulated well you have to understand
something the Federal Reserve is looking
at that businesses are looking at that
you got I'm talking about the big
corporations of course and the
government itself they're all looking at
the CPI and the pce so we also need to
pay attention so that we could stay
ahead look if I say inflation the real
inflation level is
15% therefore see you you might go to
Shadow stats and other places oh it's
15% well or or whatever the number is
today that's fine but there there's a
therefore inflation too high and so
interest rates will remain
high but you're doing that based on that
stat that they don't work off of anymore
so keep that in mind that's why here at
this channel I give you both Stories the
manipulated Story the true story and
then we say look they're going to be
going based on this one but you and I we
know the real deal you got to know both
sides of it that's where these other
YouTubers they don't don't do that they
say inflation 15% real stats here it is
therefore interest rates going to remain
high and this is going to happen so on
and so forth big collapse just wait it
out you're going to be able to buy those
uh you know assets for pennies on the
dollar we're so smart bu my course it's
only ,000 you know whatever whatever
anyway looking at this I could see the
stats they add up this is what they
wanted this is big okay core PC
inflation has been running at an
annualized Pace in line with the fed's
2% Target for 7 months now this is
important it's coming down and if so
that giv gives them the ammunition they
need to say yes we are going to cut
rates many have started to talk about
March as the time but there you know
it's not 100% like it once seemed like
it just a little while ago it's now
potentially going to come later so maybe
we'll find out about that in the coming
days as to you know a more of a hint
March being the first possible time not
going to come before March there's
there's no doubt about that unless
there's some catastrophe but but it
seems like March would be the first
potential now being pushed forward a few
months the US economy grew at a
blistering 3.3% Pace in Q4 while
inflation pulled back wow so wonderful
right the GDP is doing well that means
the economy is doing well and hey the
consumer yes they have to pay more for
everything yes they're suffering because
of inflation but that makes the GDP look
good ah great okay and so you look at
this it's growing they're showing growth
the United States apparently is strong
it is strong yes well I mean I guess if
you compare it to Europe I guess it is
strong I guess if you compare it to
nothing whatsoever uh I guess it is
strong it depends how you want to look
at it though in their man manipulating
statistics I guess it is strong right
but people don't feel strong for the
most part that's a problem Fed rate
decision could be the pre to a merch cut
that's where we start getting into the
interesting stuff because if now you
know you're seeing these numbers come
out oh growth is there inflation's down
what does that mean for the Federal
Reserve it's huge it's really huge all
right and so you know we get this
information that comes out the Federal
Reserve is going to do one thing or
another but not yet okay and so we'll
see what happens but certainly we're
coming at this time in which a Federal
Reserve needs to at least at least
suggest what they're going to do because
there's too much uncertainty they never
want to be you know they use what they
call Fed speak but they never want to be
too precise but they want to give the
market
enough demand for the FED funding tool
hits a record before the rate hike and
so looking at this the bank demand for
the tool climbs to a fresh record at
$167 billion that's the bank term
funding program and this is coming at a
time of which we're being told hey
everything's okay but you look at the
usage of this program continuously going
up that's not that it was an emergency
program and so they're using this like
we never have seen before all right
billions of dollars are being sucked up
by this thing and they're not going to
the other methods they're not you know
utilizing this in a different way this
is something that they are
consistently going for that's worrisome
okay they're talking about the the whole
risk-free Arbitrage which I've covered
in previous videos they basically borrow
from the big Banks were borrowing from
this and then they would park that money
at the fed and then they make that
difference they make the spread in
between the two but the Federal Reserve
has decided to cut that off no more of
that some are starting to say that this
could become a problem because the small
Banks need to utilize this still for an
actual source of
funding they need it these Regional
Banks and those are the ones tied
heavily to the commercial real estate
heavy heavy exposure to commercial real
estate and at the same time um you know
that's really where the weakest link is
so you see the problem here they're
going to take away the source of funding
that they need potentially at least
that's what they say they're going to
take it away and those are the ones that
are the the small Banks the regional
Banks and those are the ones that are
really exposed to the commercial real
estate which is really weak right now
that's the weakest link this is the
biggest problem if you want to know what
should I what is the key takeaway here
commercial think about it commercial
real estate looking at the small Banks
and then understanding the btfp
those three the connection in between
those three as well as just debt in
general as it's unfolding the way it is
that that is a
problem but knowing these three I think
is is really imperative right now in the
in the coming
months now we got an issue you got the
fed's BS no no no not BS what you're
thinking that's the balance sheet okay
looking at it compared to the uh S&P 500
basically the stock market and we do see
a problem because I'll show you this
okay you can see the balance sheet going
down generally balance sheet goes up
stock market goes up balance sheet goes
down stock market goes down right but
something else has changed and everybody
on the finance Friday live classes know
all about it we talk about the reserves
all right now this is where it gets
interesting right because these
commercial Banks they take the excess
cash that they have they park it at the
Federal Reserve and that's important all
right now that is the thing that been
mirroring the stock market very closely
and of
course we need to see this by the way we
we're going out of whack again this
happens it does happen um but what I see
is a big mixup coming in March because
we've got um somewhere around
$550 billion a day at this time in
Reverse repos that by March will be down
to zero potentially and that is part of
making everything move right now this is
keeping everything in check and if they
end the btfp if the reverse reples go
down to zero if we do have potential the
potential for a crisis to unfold it's
going to come in the next little while
we got to pay attention to it I I think
that you know for the most part uh they
have pumped in a lot of cash a lot of
cash and so that stuff is still sloshing
around and we haven't heard about many
failures come in and in the last little
while so how they going to handle it I
don't know but this is where the problem
is this is where it is we'll pay
attention we'll keep it close hit the
thumbs up so that you're notified of
these videos when they do come up again
okay I think it's extremely important
for everybody to get wise to what's
going on on in the commercial real
estate world to understand what's
happening with the Federal
Reserve essentially extending their
hands saying here's the loan here's the
emergency for you small Banks but the
big banks are the ones that were taking
advantage of it obviously for obvious
reasons helping out their friends um but
that's really um something that we
should be keeping a close eye on okay
now if you're not already you got to be
able to get into the finance live
classes it's a small Zoom class we get
into these type of things each and every
day I talk about the money mirror method
have you seen the money mirror method if
not I do have a video about it but we
get into the depths of it okay I show
you that give you updates each and every
week I look at the gpts that I
created within those gpts basically I
made it analyze all previous Cycles
before it put them all into different
buckets and from those buckets I compare
it to the current circumstances so it's
able to look up the current
circumstances of GDP of all these things
and then it compares to the previous
instances and says hey which one is it
most similar to and what's the
differences and why and then brings you
a report that comes out and then it just
essentially says hey those are the
companies that did well before these are
the ones that did well um you know in in
these circumstances based on high
inflation based on high unemployment
based on this and that and uh what are
equivalent companies and why why why why
Always why so we understand we don't
just take what it says these are the
things that I do uh talk about each and
every time on the finance Friday live
class I hope you join me there there's a
link in the description and of course
I'll see you tomorrow take care